---
tags: create ambition principle metamedia-org
---
# Good Gameplay
 Inherently living in a capitalist society this philosophy is going to have some hypocrisy in practice. Anytime our organization interacts with the wider world (the capitalist world) we will have to make compromises on either our philosophy or we will have to have the capitalist in question make some form of compromise. It is also important to recognize that the vast majority of the people that will be joining our organization will have no interest in revolutionary politics and simply want their means of subsistence. Therefore at the end of the day, we must meet the needs of all those who we bring into the fold. Either way, I think it's valuable to commit this philosophy to paper so that we may do our best to implement our will in this world. The core of this philosophy that I am calling a "voluntary free play system" is the concept of self-determinism and free choice. To that end, we will discuss the rejection of the concepts of hierarchy, wage slavery, and laziness.

## The Rejection of Unjustifiable Hierarchies
We will discuss hierarchy first as it feeds into all our other topics. All neurotypical individuals who have grown up in the current hyper-capitalist hierarchical structure have some innate sense of what hierarchy is and how it interacts with individual freedoms. For the less neurotypical among us; hierarchies are systems in which people or things are placed in a series of levels with different importance or status. The people "higher" upon the hierarchy are "given" power over the self-determination of the people "below" them. This concept intersects with the concept of leadership; in the current capitalist system, leaders are people who are "higher" upon the hierarchy that dole out orders to those "below" them. We will be rejecting this notion wholesale. Leaders in our organization should serve at the pleasure of their team and are not "above" the team they serve in any way. Leaders in this context are experts, teachers, coaches who lead by doing and offer guidance. Relating to this concept is that of "seniority" that many organizations implement. In our system being around longer should give the person more knowledge and ability to act as a guiding light but it would not result in being able to order people around.
## What Gameplay Looks Like
Now that we have rejected the concept of hierarchy we will discuss how teammates will accomplish goals. This concept might be best explained in a video game metaphor since many of us have had gameplay experience in this form. Leadership might (but it need not only be leadership that does) put out tasks. Think of these tasks like quests; a mission that someone else has requested be done. Some of these quests will be harder than others and as such will be more highly desired by the quest giver and hopefully by the organization. Quest takers, team members will then read the description given and determine if they would like to partake in the said quest. We should do as much as we can to have these quests be cooperative and fun rather than dehumanizing and boring. They should involve collaboration and allow for liberty. Furthermore, the tasks shouldn't be alienating, they should give the player a holistic experience where they feel like they have created something they can be proud of. Many companies will pretend those individual contributors can freely partake in tasks but it is just that; pretend. Companies like Tesla, IBM, Apple, Facebook will have large boards of tasks given out by the executive class and bureaucrats and will say that the contributor class can contribute to what interests them but in reality, these companies are partaking in what I have dubbed "anxiety-driven production". The executive class will stoke anxiety in the contributor class using mass monitoring and propaganda techniques. This can sometimes look like a hero culture where some contributors are highly praised when they "save" the company from some manufactured cataclysm. This alienates other contributors because their efforts don't get recognized and exploits the overwork of the supposed hero. This makes true self-determination at these workplaces impossible. We are teammates trying to accomplish our goals together in a fun and fulfilling way, one of those goals is subsistence sure but that doesn't mean we have to hate our lives subsisting.

## The Rejection of Wage-Slavery
This will probably be the most controversial topic in this essay. Simply by hiring people in our capitalist system, we will be participating in this disgusting system, the best we can do is treat the symptoms but the system is so diseased that our organization alone is not nearly enough to produce a full cure. In the current system of capital, people trade their labor for money. However, labor does not have a consistent value (arguably it's impossible to objectively put a monetary value on product or labor) and can never truly be separated from the human performing said labor. This leads to capitalists stripping the self-determination of their employees from the hours of 9-5 and threatening them (implicitly) with homelessness and hunger if they quit. When you strip the self-determination of a person and stop them from being capable of quitting that is called slavery. Unfortunately, our system doesn't allow us to solve the hunger and homelessness issue that people face on quitting or being fired. However, we can do something about the self-determination aspect; people who decide to join us shouldn't be required to conform to some arbitrary timing of their day and should be able to determine what games and tasks partake in.

## The Rejection of 'Laziness'
Laziness is a lie plain and simple. The term in human resources is used as a manipulation tactic to exploit and overwork people. Oftentimes when people are viewed as "lazy" there are barriers that are preventing that person from doing a thing that they would otherwise have the motivation to do. At our organization, we should recognize that situational constraints are typically a better predictor of behavior than personality, intelligence, or any other individual-level trait.  We should therefore respond to a person's ineffective behavior without judgment but instead with curiosity. We should ask questions: what are the situational factors holding this teammate back? What needs of theirs are currently not being met? What are the barriers to action that we can't see? Recognizing those barriers and eliminating them should be the job of leaders in the organization, the person who is dealing with these barriers should not be expected to navigate bureaucracy while their needs aren't being met. One example I would like to bring light to that many of us are familiar with is procrastination. Putting off work looks like "laziness" to the capitalist who wants to steal away your self-determination but to the trained eye is seen as a functioning problem. It usually comes down to a) anxiety about their attempts not being "good enough" or b) confusion about what the first steps of the task are. Procrastination is more likely when the task is meaningful and the individual cares about doing it well. The solution is to look for what is holding the procrastinating team member back: if anxiety is the major barrier maybe having them take a break from the task and de-escalation of the issue is required. If it's an executive functioning problem then maybe they need to work with someone good at breaking down tasks into manageable slices and learn from them how to do that for themselves in the future. There is much to learn in this field and we will continually evolve our methodology to better support our teammates.

## Postamble
This model of organizing is not new; we do this every day with our loved ones; when you cook a large meal for friends to come over to eat. When you drive a loved one to the doctor's office. When you comfort a loved one going through struggle etc... Hunter-gatherers engaged in this long before capitalism and still engage in it today. This does not mean these tenants are perfect; we must be vigilant and keep perfecting how we organize and interact so that we can continue to have fun, together!

References: (mostly used for articulation and less so for direct research)

[https://humanparts.medium.com/laziness-does-not-exist-3af27e312d01](https://humanparts.medium.com/laziness-does-not-exist-3af27e312d01)

[http://www.spunk.org/texts/writers/brown/sp001735.html](http://www.spunk.org/texts/writers/brown/sp001735.html)

[https://web.archive.org/web/20100920104353/http://deoxy.org/endwork.htm](https://web.archive.org/web/20100920104353/http://deoxy.org/endwork.htm)