---
type: journal
tags: powerless identify argument
---
# Thursday, December 2, 2021
Between the almost 3 hours of tiktok and people pleasing I think I basically had a good day. Ahh [[state-dependant-memory]], nice double edged sword; I more or less can't recall the good moments of my day because that mental state I'm in a post social battery nuke. This story is obviously going to be biased being written by my, in my journal but I genuinely want this recounting to be as fair to Maham and I as possible.
So, I know Maham wasn't having a great day from our text conversations throughout the day. She's having a rough go right now; her trip to Pakistan is really testing her. I'm trying my best to be supportive but I can't help but feel I am woefully ill equipped to help anyone. When I came home I install her bluetooth adapter, I wanted to be helpful. She offhandedly mentioned she wanted bubble tea. I figured it would be funny and a nice car ride, maybe I could help cheer her up.
I don't know maybe I was stretching myself too think socially. The ride was for me, I don't think Maham cared for it much. Maybe inviting Jacob was dumb? I don't know, I also knew Jacob was having a bad day. Maybe I should have ignored that fact? I just wanted to share a bit of my energy, brighten up someone's day. I want to write "no good deed goes unpunished" but who know if my deeds were even "good". I did what I thought was right, I just wish it had ended in a bright clear sky. Truly a terrible night for rain...
When we got back home the three of us were sitting on the couch scrolling social media when suddenly a recipe video popped up on my feed. That peeked Maham's interest and she insisted I we watch the video. I thought I was being playful by scrolling away and losing the video. She didn't find it funny, she took it as a personal slight. I didn't mean for it to hurt her, I didn't think it was a big deal. But when I apologized and asked her not to take it personally she got embarrassed. Me not understanding that she was embarrassed by me pointing out that she is taking it personally lamp shaded the situation by faking outrage that I wanted to see a video she scrolled past. Yeah in hindsight obviously that just made her embarrassment worse. I really didn't think TikTok would cause an argument like this... I wish I got cut a little slack; I feel like I'm walking on eggshells. I had a long day and then went out of my way to make her smile, can't I have a break? Maybe my perspective is skewed but it's just a random tiktok? Right?
She apologized later saying she's feeling "fragile" because of her trip and she's going to feel like this for a while. I don't know how to feel. I'm sad she's feeling like this and I feel so powerless to help her. I told her it doesn't bother me, I'm just sad she feels sad right now. Maybe I'll try get the video back? What's the point of a CS degree if I can't parse my TikTok JSON and find the chicken and rice with cucumber yogurt sauce vid ✌ And I did!   
{
    "Date": "2021-12-03 01:53:44",
    "VideoLink": "https://www.tiktokv.com/share/video/7031975149431819526/"
}
A lot of writing and I didn't talk about the ph I had today or the reading I did. I figured this journal entry would be about the [[market-segmentation]] table I start or the digital brain I instantiated for myself. I show it to my mom she was super happy. HOLY! I almost forgot about that recruiter reaching out about a 100 usd/h job. What an ego boost! I doubt I'll put in the leetcode hours needed for an offer but just the olive branch is a nice hit of dopamine. It was enough dopamine to carry my whole day and I almost fully forgot about it! State dependant memory is quite the drug, eh? I guess writing these entries does it me in a better mood; good enough to let me shift state for memory retrieval.
My Goal for tomorrow is to get a first draft of the [[market-segmentation]] committed to github. If I can have a personal goal I'd like to work on Maham's letter. Oh, I've also set a hard 40 min limit on my TikTok usage, during my look into getting my data I noticed my usage on that app. YIKES.
