---
tags: peaceful identify
---
# Friday, December 3, 2021
I did what I wanted to do today but not quite at the level I wanted to preform at. I worked on (and even committed a draft of) the market segmentation for sharemeta and I digitized [[maham-letter]]. Both of which were more mentally taxing than expected. Though I did allow myself to feel boredom, I limited my tiktok usage to 40 minutes today and I attempted to engage in more "active rest". I think all in all while my expectations for performance weren't met, I think that isn't because I wasn't performant; my performance was adequate but the expectations that I placed on my performance weren't perfect. Though I do remember not expecting that I would perfectly meet either one expectation and yet I wanted to do both so I did a little on each when I think my expectation was that iff I do the market segmentation I will work on maham's letter. The time I spent was about what I expected also so I don't think it's wrong that I was not able to do it in the "amount of time I had". I simply underestimated the task. I understood that while I was making the decision to switch tasks. It was inner peace that allowed me change expectations on the fly and it not upset me. I'm grateful for that the peace I was granted in that moment.
Kumail messaged me out of the blue, I set up a hangout with Rico. These social interactions put me at ease. It made me feel secure in my attachment. Maham brought Allie over we hung out a bit. Socially I did a lot of, that battery was very much expanded. 
Maham did mention that I told her I was going to smoke today. It kind of devolved into a meta conversation about #argument. Basically it boiled down to the same meta argument we have about how when an argument hurts her she feels like it's an argument but when it hurts me it's not. This triggered when we were speaking about [[state-dependant-memory]] and how she feels like in an argument she doesn't ever feel like she is the antagonist. The intensity wasn't very high but I feel like the peace from the rest of my day prevented me from taking this as personally as I might have otherwise. I didn't feel upset but it did seem like my feelings in any given argument was secondary to hers. She said that I don't emote as strongly as she does therefore I think it must be an argument. I told her that wasn't the case since the intensity isn't what makes me determine what is and isn't an argument it's the content of exchange. I.e when she is upset at something external and doesn't take it out on me, I don't consider that an argument but if she does then obviously I'm not going to be okay with being blamed for something I didn't do and I'm going to view it as an argument. I just felt like she retroactively thinks things aren't arguments because she applied her current understanding (which is state and context dependant) upon the old situation. Regardless both of us agreed that she might view herself as a victim even when she isn't and that she needs to work on that/talk to her therapist about it.
I think this weekend I'd like to either do some language learning. Maybe some cooking. Honestly I got a bit tired of writing today after the market segmentation and the letter so I'll play it by ear: if the language learning hits that sore spot then maybe I'll just do the cooking. Or maybe I'll do neither 👏