---
type: journal
tags: passionate identify
---
# 2021-11-08
# Intentions

1. CODE
2. #create

# Happenings

I woke up and "chose" energy today. I even told Maham I was inspired to do some coding. I committed a pretty significant feature to sharemeta; the ability to schedule posts has been implemented. Felt very proud of that and transitioned that feeling into writing content. I figured out kind of what my "niche" was going to be. I'm going to be a creator who talks about creation. Kinda vague and meta but I think that works for me. Let's me talk about cooking, video games, programming, philosophy, politics, tech, etc.. This came from a really good discussion with Maham and a lot of pondering but this realization feels very self actualizing. After this we had a great dinner with my family and a very calm grocery run. I even got a response to a comment I left on a creator I like's video. All in all a very productive day but more importantly a very fulfilling day. Would be amazing to bottle this kind of lightning but I understand that days like this don't always happen. I'm truly grateful to have had a day like today. 

# Grateful for

1. Maham
2. My Family
3. My Crew
4. The abilities and blessings Allah has given me

# Action items

- [ ]  I gotta do some laundry folding
- [ ]  Get more coffee beans for the house
- [ ]  Tomorrow is a day where I have to inspire others. I hope to give them at least a little bit of what I had today
- [ ]  Pray at least once tomorrow
- [ ]  Create a small video? Something short.
- [x]  Pull back sleep schedule. I'd like to aim for wake and sleep to be based on the sun/prayer times