---
type: journal
tags: sentimental identify create
---
# 2021-11-03
# Intentions

1. Create routine with a focus on sleep
2. Get through the day
3. Not smoke weed

# Happenings

I had trouble sleeping the night before. Not only is my sleep routine still impacted from events a few days prior, I also recently decided that I will be taking a 1 month break from weed; a little tolerance reset. I don't think I got any sleep, I basically just shut my eyes for 4 hours. At 7am I got out of bed and walked to my parents house where I have set up an office space, thought I doubted I'd be using it today. I was going there to simply get some privacy to endure the day. I end up watching some spoonyone videos, a little trip down memory lane. However, despite the copious amounts of caffeine I ingested I ended up sleeping on the couch between the hours of 2 and 5. My Mom arrived at the house as I was waking up and prepared food. We spoke for a bit while I ate and then she dove me home. All in all it was a rather uneventful day, I was tried and withdrawn for almost all of it. The highlight of my day was talking to my mom. 

# Grateful for

1. My Mother
2. My willpower
3. The ability to decide not to be productive for a day to recover
4. My noise cancelling headphones that make walking beside traffic bareable
5. A childhood full of great content creators

# Action items

- [x]  Actually sleep at night today
- [x]  (start) Create a one piece amv for the intro to my one piece video
- [x]  Create a meeting agenda for tomorrows meeting
- [ ]  Find some new music 😴