# Dear Maham,
So I guess we won't be sharing a bed for a month. You won't be able to give me scratches and I won't get to cook for you. No drives talking of philosophy or morning dance parties. For 5 long weeks the time we spend together will be limited and difficult. However, I'd like to share a tidbit of wisdom my mom once shared with me as she was preparing me to board a plane back to Canada from Lebanon.

At the time we had no idea when we might see each other again and telecommunication was not nearly as good as it is now but even with that knowledge, she said this: "What connects us is not physical, it's not the words you hear right now nor is it the phone we will talk on when you land; it's the love we have in our hears. I'll always be with you there." I think there's a lot of truth in that. I think we keep a piece of our loved ones with us, not in our hearts but our brains. We've talked about "emulation" before (of course I'd bring up some science bs in a "love" letter). When we emulate a person in our hearts we are using our mirror neurons to create a replica of their brain in our own. While we can never perfectly emulate a person's brain none the less some of the networks we copy are the same. In that way, you do carry a bit of me everywhere you go. I hope that while you're in Pakistan the neural network you've copied from me expresses at least some of the love I have for you. I want you to feel loved and happy where ever you are and whenever you think of me and when we do speak over the phone I will make sure they strengthen the love that the neural net emulates.